My corpus will circle around 3 comparison points, namely genre, geographical location, and artist. Three key genres (Hip-hop, RnB, and House) will be paralleled to identify differences and/or similarities between each other. In addition, I would also attempt to study the evolution of each genre from the 90s to its current nature. Two subgenres for each key genre will be expanded upon to make sure the corpus will be more representative, but it understood that this does leave many nuances unexplored. Two geographical regions I would like to explore and compare in this corpus would be Africa (Afrobeats/Afropop) versus America (American hip-hop). A question I’d like to investigate further is if there has been a shift in the African sound to appeal to a western audience in the last five to ten years. I hope to evaluate this query by placing purer Afrobeats against more contemporary Afrofusion and then against American hip-hop. The third comparison point I would like to explore would be the musical evolution of Billie Eilish. While she is constantly reinventing her sound and style through each album, there are several trademark qualities to her music such as her well aligned background vocals and mezzo soprano voice. Her prominent presence in the alternative electronic genre at such a young age, where historically most artists are still discovering their place in the music industry, is very impressive. Therefore, I would attempt to analyse how her albums and EPs have evolved over time. # corpus
